# Heyoffline.js (actually Heyoffline.coffee)
Warn your users when their network goes down. Make sure they don't lose anything.

## Demo
See **[demo](http://oskarkrawczyk.github.com/heyoffline.js/)**.

## Setup

You can install Heyoffline via Bower with `bower install Heyoffline` or download `heyoffline.js` and include it the old-fashined way.

### CoffeeScript
```coffeescript
new Heyoffline
  monitorFields: true
  elements: ['.monitoredFields']
```

### JavaScript
```javascript
new Heyoffline({
  monitorFields: true,
  elements: ['.monitoredFields']
});
```
## Options

<table>
  <tr>
    <th class="name">Name</th>
    <th class="type">Type</th>
    <th class="default">Default</th>
    <th class="desc">Description</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>monitorFields</td>
    <td>boolean</td>
    <td>false</td>
    <td class="desc">If this option is enabled, message on network error will be shown only if a input/textarea/select/etc on the page was modified</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>prefix</td>
    <td>string</td>
    <td>heyoffline</td>
    <td class="desc">Class prefix for generated elements</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>noStyles</td>
    <td>boolean</td>
    <td>false</td>
    <td class="desc">Don't use the default CSS (generated by JS)</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>disableDimiss</td>
    <td>boolean</td>
    <td>false</td>
    <td class="desc">By default the user can dimiss the warning. With this option you can hide the dismiss button.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>elements</td>
    <td>array</td>
    <td><code>['input', 'select', 'textarea', '*[contenteditable]']</code></td>
    <td class="desc">Field elements that will be monitored for changes - see <code>monitorFields</code> option.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>text.title</td>
    <td>string</td>
    <td>You're currently offline</td>
    <td class="desc">Heading of the modal window</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>text.content</td>
    <td>string</td>
    <td>Seems like you've became offline,
      you might want to wait until your network comes back before continuing.<br /><br />
      This message will self-destruct once you're online again.</td>
    <td class="desc">Body message of the modal window</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>text.button</td>
    <td>string</td>
    <td>Relax, I know what I'm doing</td>
    <td class="desc">Dimissal button of the modal window</td>
  </tr>
</table>

## Events
<table>
  <tr>
    <th class="name">Name</th>
    <th class="type">Provides</th>
    <th class="desc">Description</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>onOnline</td>
    <td></td>
    <td>Fires then the network becomes available</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>onOffline</td>
    <td></td>
    <td>Fires when the network disappears</td>
  </tr>
</table>

## Requirements
Heyoffline.js is **framework-agnostic**. No need for jQuery. It's written in **CoffeeScript**, and compiled into JavaScript.

## Source code
All efforts have been made to keep the source as clean and readable as possible.

## Requirements
Heyoffline.js is released under an MIT License, so do with it what you will.
